I represent a Discord Message Object.
I represent a message sent in a channel within Discord.

See https://discordapp.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#message-object

Field	Type	Description
id	snowflake	id of the message
channel_id	snowflake	id of the channel the message was sent in
author*	user object	the author of this message (not guaranteed to be a valid user, see below)
content	string	contents of the message
timestamp	ISO8601 timestamp	when this message was sent
edited_timestamp	?ISO8601 timestamp	when this message was edited (or null if never)
tts	bool	whether this was a TTS message
mention_everyone	bool	whether this message mentions everyone
mentions	array of user objects	users specifically mentioned in the message
mention_roles	array of role object ids	roles specifically mentioned in this message
attachments	array of attachment objects	any attached files
embeds	array of embed objects	any embedded content
reactions?	array of reaction objects	reactions to the message
nonce?	?snowflake	used for validating a message was sent
pinned	bool	whether this message is pinned
webhook_id?	string	if the message is generated by a webhook, this is the webhook's id
type	int	type of message

The author object follows the structure of the user object, but is only a valid user in the case where the message is generated by a user or bot user. If the message is generated by a webhook, the author object corresponds to the webhook's id, username, and avatar. You can tell if a message is generated by a webhook by checking for the webhook_id on the message object.

Message Types

Type	Value
DEFAULT	0
RECIPIENT_ADD	1
RECIPIENT_REMOVE	2
CALL	3
CHANNEL_NAME_CHANGE	4
CHANNEL_ICON_CHANGE	5
CHANNEL_PINNED_MESSAGE	6
GUILD_MEMBER_JOIN	7
